Add duration field in property metadata (#298)
nerves-networking/vintage_net: README.md

:ok

iex> flush
{VintageNet, ["interface", "eth0", "state"], :configuring, :configured, %{old_timestamp: 123456, new_timestamp: 124456}}
```

The message format is `{VintageNet, name, old_value, new_value, metadata}`

> ### Metadata
> 
> When calling `VintageNet.PropertyTable.put/4` the last argument is an optional
> map for any metadata to be sent to those who will receive updates about the
> property.
> 
> By default the metadata will contain two fields `:old_timestamp` and
> `:new_timestamp`. The `:old_timestamp` is the the monotonic time the old value
> was set and the `:new_timestamp` is the monotonic time the new value was set for
> the property. The field is in the `:native` time unit. To convert the time unit 
> call `System.convert_time_unit/3`:
> 
> ```elixir
> System.convert_time_unit(old_timestamp, :native, :second)
> ```

Reviewer: `VintageNet.PropertyTable.put/4` is a mostly a private API. If you're writing a technology, it's ok to use, but my intention was to keep general users away from it. 

How about the following docs:

```suggestion

Metadata fields include at least the following:

* `:old_timestamp` - the timestamp for when the property first had the `old_value`
* `:new_timestamp` - the timestamp when the property changed from the `old_value` to the `new_value`

Timestamps are all captured by calling `System.monotonic_time/0` so they're in `:native` time units.
Use `System.convert_time_unit/3` to convert to the usual time units.
```
